Add instructions for browsing using LFS cloning (#223)
H-uru/moul-assets: README.md

* [dirtsand](https://github.com/H-uru/dirtsand) - An open-source Plasma-compatible server project.
* [korman](https://github.com/H-uru/korman) - Blender plugin for creating ages for Cyan Worlds' Plasma engine.

## Browsing MOUL Assets

> You may notice while browsing this repository online or after cloning on your own machine that most files seem to be small text files containing some kind of hash reference. This is because the MOUL assets repository is too large for (free) GitHub. We therefore use an external Git Large File Storage server. The easiest way to download the entire repository is to use `git lfs clone`. Do keep in mind that the repository is very large (over 20GB), so make sure to run this command in a location with sufficient space. You can of course also enable Git LFS be default. You can find some basic information on the [Git LFS website](https://git-lfs.com/) or refer to the [Git LFS wiki page on pulling and cloning](https://github.com/git-lfs/git-lfs/wiki/Tutorial#pulling-and-cloning).

Reviewer: > You can of course also enable Git LFS be default.

This should say "**by** default", and we might also want to drop the "of course"

> You may notice while browsing this repository online or after cloning on your own machine that most files seem to be small text files containing some kind of hash reference. This is because the MOUL assets repository is too large for (free) GitHub. We therefore use an external Git Large File Storage server. The easiest way to download the entire repository is to use `git lfs clone`. Do keep in mind that the repository is very large (over 20GB), so make sure to run this command in a location with sufficient space. You can of course also enable Git LFS be default. You can find some basic information on the [Git LFS website](https://git-lfs.com/) or refer to the [Git LFS wiki page on pulling and cloning](https://github.com/git-lfs/git-lfs/wiki/Tutorial#pulling-and-cloning).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may notice while browsing this repository online or after cloning on your own machine that most files seem to be small text files containing some kind of hash reference. This is because the MOUL assets repository is too large for (free) GitHub. We therefore use an external Git Large File Storage server. The easiest way to download the entire repository is to use `git lfs clone`. Do keep in mind that the repository is very large (over 20GB), so make sure to run this command in a location with sufficient space. You may also choose to enable Git LFS by default. You can find some basic information on the [Git LFS website](https://git-lfs.com/) or refer to the [Git LFS wiki page on pulling and cloning](https://github.com/git-lfs/git-lfs/wiki/Tutorial#pulling-and-cloning).
```
